{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 You get the vision of a void, but not in the abstract sense. Void as a positive, tangible quantity. It extends in all directions in an oppressive sense, triggering both claustrophobia and agoraphobia. The void is closed doors, leading to everywhere, but impassible. \
\
And in the void is a great anger. It\'92s trapped and raging in nothing. It\'92s focused and concentrated on a single portion, where a scene is playing out. \
\
The scene looks almost like a small glowing puppet show, held in existence through sheer force of will. There is a zone, around the anger, a small sphere of control, and within it the anger is playing back a memory. \
\
The memory is of cave complex, and making their way through it are small figures. They\'92re like simple wooden dolls, dressed from scraps of cloth, and they move themselves down the path towards the center of the cave. \
\
There are 5 of them. \
	A tall one dressed in what\'92s meant to be armor with a little splotch of yellow paint to represent the heraldry. It carries a large sword.\
	Side by side with it is a smaller doll with a tiny amount of black soot under the chin to represent a close cropped beard. It carries two daggers and moves rapidly ahead, then waits for the others to catch up. \
	Behind them walks a tall proud doll, utterly unafraid. It carries a short spear and is using it as a walking stick as if on a casual stroll. Light is radiating from it. \
	Keeping up with it is a smaller doll, covered head to toe in grey cloak. In contrast this doll seems frightened and ready to run at any moment. But it keeps up with the other 3.\
	At the end walks one last doll, carrying a tiny bow and arrows. It glances back watchfully, then again forward. It\'92s protective of the smaller doll ahead of it. It also is dressed in simple rags.\
\
At the center of the cave, waiting for them is an essence of barely contained violence, in it\'92s most abstract form. A \'91need to do harm\'92 taken to its most generalized state. There is a being there, but the details of its appearance is unknown, unimportant to the one remembering. All that matters is its need to overthrow the dolls\'92 nature. This is what it is.\
\
The dolls are fighting throughout, but the foes are unremembered. The dolls seemingly punch at their own shadows and jump from nothing at all. They are undaunted and they march one by one towards the absolute evil. \
\
Dolls gather at a circular room before the center, but they don\'92t realize that they stepped across an invisible threshold. They can\'92t see it, but you can sense it here from where you are watching. They are now within range of the evil, though they can\'92t see it yet. \
\
The dolls stop. They are confused, they are trying to understand something. Their attention is distracted. The tall proud doll calmly, decisively, and without any doubt to its actions hits the little doll. The little doll collapses, then reaches out as the tall doll walks up and stabs the shorter bearded one. Panic, doubt, and fear spreads amongst the dolls, and delight from the being in the center. It ends when an arrow takes strikes the tall doll, launched by the archer.\
\
The dolls walk in. They have now decided. They are in the center and with the center and they struggle. The fight doesn\'92t matter. It\'92s not visible. At first the center knows, joy, then it knows struggle, and last it knows fear. And in middle of that fear, the archer doll stops. It lowers its weapon, and it stands, unmoving. Moments pass. As it starts to turn towards the others, it suddenly freezes, then collapses, revealing the tiny grey doll behind it, holding a tiny carved dagger. \
\
Time slows here. The center knows fear, and sees the end. It sees its fate and it accepts it: the place is greater than any of them. They\'92re trapped so many times over. They now all understand. The dolls, the center, everyone.\
\
An energy expands from the small doll. The archer in front has not even hit the ground, it\'92s still collapsing. The realization was as sudden as it was complete. The energy coming from the doll isn\'92t heat or light, it\'92s something purer than that, invisible. It grows steadily and it is now the edge of the memory. Everything within is gone. No memory, nothingness. It\'92s the edge of the void, leaking back into itself. The center disappears, so do the dolls, and so does the cave. All is the void. The memory ends.\
\
There is nothing for the rest of the dream, just slowly moving farther and further, in slow methodical ticks, a rhythm that\'92s separate from the void.\
}